# MYSI-1.0
To play the game open index.html in correct folder.

The "MYSI 1.0: The Million Years Space Initiative" project aims to let users experience the future of space colonization. MYSI 1.0 is a response to the challenge "Titan City 3023" and of creating habitable homes for mass people outside Earth, which was not easy due to our dependence on Earthly benefits. The project is inspired by the way ancient civilizations grew and prospered by using available resources. Ancient civilizations used to get established near natural resources, expanded gradually and step by step and developed innovative methods to obtain recourses and sustain comfort and viability. MYSI 1.0 will use those same techniques for growth. This can be a million years space initiative is because it aims to simulate the long-term development and evolution of a space civilization that could span millions of years. The project assumes that humans will be able to create and use advanced technologies and spaceships that will enable them to survive and thrive in the harsh and vast environment of space as well as explore and colonize other planets and celestial bodies. The project is a creative and imaginative vision of what could be possible in future. The project is designed to inspire and educate players about the potential and challenges of space exploration and colonization, as well as engage them with a captivating and immersive game experience. The project involves creating an animated interactive 3D model with augmented realities and gaming simulations, which will allow players to immerse themselves in a futuristic space civilization that is initially nestled near Earth, and can be expanded to enormous realm of space as well as other planets and natural satellites. The project has been made using various software tools, including Blender, Unity, Python, and C#. The trajectories of the spaceships, resources can be gained from other planets and natural satellites will be defined using NASA data. MYSI 1.0 is a hypothetical space civilization with a fleet of various spaceships and structures. The game simulator within Project "MYSI 1.0: The Million Years Space Initiative" challenges players to construct and manage a thriving space city with the goal of overcoming Earthly limitations, utilizing new atmospheres, solving megaproblems and microproblems which generally arrives in a new civilization, and overcoming Earthly dependencies. The game encourages players to devise creative solutions to challenges such as resource depletion and environmental degradation, while also allowing them to collaboratively address essential supplies and sustain a harmonious community. As the space city expands, it could also provide a platform for scientific research, commercial ventures, and even tourism. There are spaceships for living, medical care, emergency response, pharmacy, education, oxygen and water storage, food storage, fuel storage, mechanical support, community centers, energy capture, and dining. There are also spaceships designed for maintaining a safe and clean environment, by detecting and eliminating space debris to ensure the well-being and sustainability of the inhabitants in the celestial realm. These are also various spaceships with other different purposes, such as exploring celestial phenomena, conducting scientific research, terraforming, communication, maintaining safety and order, manufacturing in zero-gravity, facilitating conscious exploration, sustainable food production, and serving as a central hub for communication within a space civilization. Within the simulator game of "MYSI 1.0: The Million Years Space Initiative", players wield the power to establish and personalize their space city from the ground up, utilizing a limited budget while strategically deploying an array of intricately designed spaceships, each built with a specific purpose in mind. The simulator encourages players to showcase their resourcefulness, problem-solving abilities, and managerial acumen. In the simulation game, players will be challenged to manage resources effectively, balancing the needs of the space city with the need to protect the environment. "MYSI 1.0: The Million Years Space Initiative" envisions a network of landing centers located in diverse regions around Earth as well as many other planets and natural satellited. These centers provide designated landing spots for spaceships, offering flexible access and convenience. So that available resources can be taken from those planets and natural satellites to build more spaceships, for research and for livelihood. Spaceships have the capability to land at any time, ensuring seamless connectivity between the space city and terrestrial landing centers. To connect the space city with Earth and other locations in space, regular transportation would be needed. This could include spacecraft for human transport and cargo ships for resupply missions. This game is a space civilization simulator that combines science fiction and human creativity. Players can explore the universe and find amazing wonders.
